## 议论文

1. 正反观点式

   Recently we've had a discussion about whether we should ......Our opinions are divided on this topic

   Most of the students are i**n favour of** it. Here are the reasons. First... Second... Finally ...

   However , the others are strongly against it. Their reasons are as follows. In the first place...What's more.... In addition....

   Personally speaking, the advantages overweight the disadvantages, for it will do us more good than harm, so I support it.



2. A 或者 B类

   **Some people hold the opinion that**  A is superior to （butter than） B in many ways. Others, however, argue (believe) that B is much butter . Personally, I would prefer A because I think A has more advantages.

   **There are many reasons why** I prefer A. **The main reason is that**..... **Another reason is that.**...

   Of course, B also has advantages to some extent....

   But if all these factors are **considered**, A is much better than B. From what has been discussed above, we may finally **draw the conclusion that** ....

   

3. 观点论述

   As a student, I am strongly in favour of the decision(决定). The reasons for this may be listed as follows.

   First of all... secondly.... Besides...

   In conclusions, I believe that ...



4. How to 类议论文

   Human is now facing a big problems __ which is becoming more and more serious.

   Many ways can help to solve this serious problem, but the following may be more effective. First of all..... Another way to solve the problem is ..... Finally....

   There are not the best but only two/three measures we can take. But it should be noted that we should take action to ....



5. 衔接句
   - As we all know, ...
   - It is well known that ...
   - In my opinion,
   - As far as I am concerned,...

## 英语书信

开头：

- How nice to hear from you again.
- Let me tell you something about the activity.
- **I am glad to have received your letter** of Apr.9th.
- **I am pleased to hear you that you are** coming to China for a visit.
- **I am writing to thank you for your  help** during my stay in America.



结尾：

- With best wishes.
- I am **looking forward to your reply**
- I would appreciate it if you could reply earlier.